# Mpc Desktop Software
 
 
Many of the world's biggest PC manufacturers certify their laptops and desktops for Ubuntu, from ultra-portable laptops to high-end workstations. Ubuntu certified hardware has passed our extensive testing and review process, ensuring that Ubuntu runs well out-of-the-box. Our partners also offer select devices preloaded with optimised Ubuntu images.
 
Ubuntu Pro Desktop is a comprehensive subscription delivering enterprise-grade security, management tooling, and extended support for developers and organisations. Ubuntu Pro Desktop is free for personal use on up to five machines.
 
**Download Zip ->>->>->> [https://8acefabsa.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TcJ](https://8acefabsa.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TcJ)**


 
Both the KDE and GNOME desktop environments have adopted a similar format for "desktop entries", or configuration files describing how a particular program is to be launched, how it appears in menus, etc. It is to the larger community's benefit that a unified standard be agreed upon by all parties such that interoperation between the two environments, and indeed any additional environments that implement the specification, becomes simpler.
 
Imagine this scenario: You've spent hours working on a crucial presentation, but as you're heading to the meeting, you realize a key file is missing from your system! How can you fix this situation? With a remote desktop access solution like RemotePC, you can easily rescue yourself from such sticky scenarios.
 
RemotePC enables file and folder transfers between your local and remote computers, including mapped drives. All you need is an active internet connection and the RemotePC application installed on the computer being accessed.
 
"RemotePC (Remote Desktop) is an affordable service for remotely accessing another person's computer. It performs well, especially between Windows machines, and its business plans cost much less than the competition."  
Justin Pot, PCMag.  
May 2024
 
"RemotePC is fast, secure, and easy-to-use remote desktop software, with lots of features, an affordable price-tag, and easy scale-ability that businesses will appreciate."Christian Rigg, TechRadar. Mar 2020
 
downloaded the app from the link listed above a couple days back, just got access today. It does not have the fancy screen reading or new voice yet, its just a glorified desktop app version of the web client right now.

A **desktop computer** (often abbreviated **desktop**[1]) is a personal computer designed for regular use at a stationary location on or near a desk (as opposed to a portable computer) due to its size and power requirements. The most common configuration has a case that houses the power supply, motherboard (a printed circuit board with a microprocessor as the central processing unit, memory, bus, certain peripherals and other electronic components), disk storage (usually one or more hard disk drives, solid-state drives, optical disc drives, and in early models floppy disk drives); a keyboard and mouse for input; and a monitor, speakers, and, often, a printer for output. The case may be oriented horizontally or vertically and placed either underneath, beside, or on top of a desk.
 
Desktop computers with their cases oriented vertically are referred to as towers. As the majority of cases offered since the mid-1990s are in this form factor, the term *desktop* has been retronymically used to refer to modern cases offered in the traditional horizontal orientation.[2][3]
 
Prior to the widespread use of microprocessors, a computer that could fit on a desk was considered remarkably small; the type of computers most commonly used were minicomputers, which, despite the name, were rather large and were "mini" only compared to the so-called "big iron". Early computers, and later the general purpose high throughput "mainframes", took up the space of a whole room. Minicomputers, on the contrary, generally fit into one or a few refrigerator-sized racks, or, for the few smaller ones, *built into* a fairly large desk, not put *on top* of it.
 
It was not until the 1970s when fully programmable computers appeared that could fit entirely on top of a desk. 1970 saw the introduction of the Datapoint 2200, a "smart" computer terminal complete with keyboard and monitor, was designed to connect with a mainframe computer but that did not stop owners from using its built-in computational abilities as a stand-alone desktop computer.[4] The HP 9800 series, which started out as programmable calculators in 1971 but was programmable in BASIC by 1972, used a smaller version of a minicomputer design based on ROM memory and had small one-line LED alphanumeric displays and displayed graphics with a plotter.[5] The Wang 2200 of 1973 had a full-size cathode-ray tube (CRT) and cassette tape storage. The IBM 5100 in 1975 had a small CRT display and could be programmed in BASIC and APL. These were generally expensive specialized computers sold for business or scientific uses.[6]
 
Early personal computers, like the original IBM Personal Computer, were enclosed in a "*desktop case*", horizontally oriented to have the display screen placed on top, thus saving space on the user's actual desk, although these cases had to be sturdy enough to support the weight of CRT displays that were widespread at the time. Over the course of the 1990s, desktop cases gradually became less common than the more-accessible tower cases that may be located on the floor under or beside a desk rather than on a desk. Not only do these tower cases have more room for expansion, they have also freed up desk space for monitors which were becoming larger every year. Desktop cases, particularly the compact form factors, remain popular for corporate computing environments and kiosks. Some computer cases can be interchangeably positioned either horizontally (desktop) or upright (mini-tower).
 
Influential games such as *Doom* and *Quake* during the 1990s had pushed gamers and enthusiasts to frequently upgrade to the latest CPUs and graphics cards (3dfx, ATI, and Nvidia) for their desktops (usually a tower case) in order to run these applications, though this has slowed since the late 2000s as the growing popularity of Intel integrated graphics forced game developers to scale back. Creative Technology's Sound Blaster series were a *de facto* standard for sound cards in desktop PCs during the 1990s until the early 2000s, when they were reduced to a niche product, as OEM desktop PCs came with sound boards integrated directly onto the motherboard.
 
While desktops have long been the most common configuration for PCs,[9] by the mid-2000s the growth shifted from desktops to laptops.[10] Notably, while desktops were mainly produced in the United States, laptops had long been produced by contract manufacturers based in Asia, such as Foxconn. This shift led to the closure of the many desktop assembly plants in the United States by 2010. Another trend around this time was the increasing proportion of inexpensive base-configuration desktops being sold, hurting PC manufacturers such as Dell whose build-to-order customization of desktops relied on upselling added features to buyers.[11]
 
Battery-powered portable computers had just a 2% worldwide market share in 1986.[12] However, laptops have become increasingly popular, both for business and personal use.[13]Around 109 million notebook PCs shipped worldwide in 2007, a growth of 33% compared to 2006.[14]In 2008, it was estimated that 145.9 million notebooks were sold and that the number would grow in 2009 to 177.7 million.[15] The third quarter of 2008 was the first time when worldwide notebook PC shipments exceeded desktops, with 38.6 million units versus 38.5 million units.[13][16][17][18]
 
The sales breakdown of the Apple Macintosh has seen sales of desktop Macs staying mostly constant while being surpassed by that of Mac notebooks whose sales rate has grown considerably; seven out of ten Macs sold were laptops in 2009, a ratio projected to rise to three out of four by 2010. The change in sales of form factors is due to the desktop iMac moving from affordable G3 to upscale G4 model and subsequent releases are considered premium all-in-ones. By contrast, the MSRP of the MacBook laptop lines have dropped through successive generations such that the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro constitute the lowest price of entry to a Mac, with the exception of the even more inexpensive Mac Mini (albeit without a monitor and keyboard), and the MacBooks are the top-selling form factors of the Macintosh platform today.[19]
 
The decades of development mean that most people already own desktop computers that meet their needs and have no need of buying a new one merely to keep pace with advancing technology. Notably, the successive release of new versions of Windows (Windows 95, 98, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10 and so on) had been drivers for the replacement of PCs in the 1990s, but this slowed in the 2000s due to the poor reception of Windows Vista over Windows XP. IDC analyst Jay Chou suggested that Windows 8 actually hurt sales of PCs in 2012, as businesses decided to stick with Windows 7 rather than upgrade.[20] Some suggested that Microsoft had acknowledged "implicitly ringing the desktop PC death knell" as Windows 8 offered little upgrade in desktop PC functionality over Windows 7; instead, Windows 8's innovations were mostly on the mobile side.[21]
 
The post-PC trend saw a decline in the sales of desktop and laptop PCs.[20][22] The decline was attributed to increased power and applications of alternative computing devices, namely smartphones and tablet computers.[23] Although most people exclusively use their smartphones and tablets for more basic tasks such as social media and casual gaming, these devices have in many instances replaced a second or third PC in the household that would have performed these tasks, though most families still retain a powerful PC for serious work.[24]
 
Among PC form factors, desktops remain a staple in the enterprise market but lost popularity among home buyers. PC makers and electronics retailers responded by investing their engineering and marketing resources towards laptops (initially netbooks in the late 2000s, and then the higher-performance Ultrabooks from 2011 onwards), which manufacturers believed had more potential to revive the PC market[9] than desktops.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
